# OVERVIEW

This Swarm Robotics project comprises of a multirobot system of four robots and a server that continuously captures the view of the arena where the robots move and interact with each other. The server receives a continuous video feed of the arena through a webcam and applies Computer Vision algorithms to detect the positions of the robots in the arena as well as their orientation angles with respect to the arena. The robots employ ESP8266 as their microncontrollers that feature inbuilt WiFi modules. A network is established over WiFi, whereby all robots can communicate with the server. The server transmits the detected configuration information to all the robots. Thus, at any time each of the robot is aware of all the other robots' position and orientation. An Android app was developed, through which we transmit the desired configuration of the robots in the arena, for example a rectangle or a straight line. This desired configuration is transmitted from the Android phone to the server, which further transmits it to each of the robots. Now, without the intervention of the server, the robots process all the information - current configuration of all robots and desired configuration of robots - to decide which robot should move to which position in the arena. This part is the central concept in swarm robotics. Then each robot moves to its desired position through PID Control algorithm. This movement involves each robot continuously keeping track of all other robots and maneuvering itself in such a way that it does not collide with them while moving towards its final position. This arrangement accomplishes the objective of moving the robots into a desired configuration.

For further explanation of the Computer Vision as well as the Communication and Motion Control algorithms, refer to the explanations in their respective directories.
